1. I noticed a significant change when I commented out that line of code. It 
could really affect the gameplay for the player because it does not start where
it left off when the game has been paused. On most occasions, when testing, I
unpaused the game and lost a life due to the time elapsed when the game was
paused.

2. When I changed "this" to "snailBait" everywhere, the images did not load on 
the page. The only thing I could see was a blue border and the 0 representing
the player score. In the book, David Geary said that this was considered a safe
method in case the true meaning of "this" in JavaScript was not comprehending. 
When I inspected the page, it was throwing errors for 'canvas', 'windowHasFocus',
and 'toastElement', saying 'Cannot set properties of undefined (setting/reading 
<element name>)'.

3. I think using the 'self' method is something that could be helpful when 
confusion with the 'this' method occurs. It also resembles the 'self' used in
python classes, which I am very familiar with. If I start to get confused when
using 'this' in methods where it may changed based on what needs to be referenced, 
it would be a good thing to fall back on.

Chapter 5

1. I used a software called aseprite to create the frog gif. It is not free, but 
I have had it for a while so I used it because I am very comfortable with it. I
didn't have to do much to change the GIF, just replace the snail gif with the 
jumping frog that I made.

2. I deleted all browsing data, and I could see the image for a little longer 
than before. I still didn't see the full loop, but I saw enough to make sure it 
worked. I am glad I got to try out animation in this software because I learned 
that I actually like it better than the one I planned to use for our group 
project.